feat(enhancement): "Fancy" Cloaked Ship Outlines (#9642)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/_ui/tooltips.txt

tip "Date format"
	`The format that dates in the game are displayed in.`

tip "Cloaked ship outlines"

> 	`Transparent with a red outline when set to fancy, just red when fast.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	`Controls the display of cloaked escorts. When fancy, causes the ship to become transparent and applies a red outline. When fast, simply shifts the ship to being red.`
```
